app:AT&T Hot Spots
package:com.matchboxmobile.wisp
Launcher:null
app:Live broadcast
package:com.sec.android.app.camera.plb
Launcher:null
app:Voice Recorder
package:com.sec.android.app.voicenote
Launcher:null
app:Swype
package:com.nuance.swype.input
Launcher:null
app:Voice wake-up
package:com.samsung.android.voicewakeup
Launcher:null
app:Video trimmer
package:com.samsung.app.newtrim
Launcher:null
app:Game Launcher
package:com.samsung.android.game.gamehome
Launcher:null
app:SmartThings
package:com.samsung.android.oneconnect
Launcher:com.samsung.android.oneconnect.ui.SCMainActivity
app:Health Service
package:com.sec.android.service.health
Launcher:null
app:SoundAlive
package:com.sec.android.app.soundalive
Launcher:null
app:AT&T Smart Wi-Fi
package:com.att.android.attsmartwifi
Launcher:null
app:Setup & Transfer
package:com.synchronoss.dcs.att.r2g
Launcher:null
app:Galaxy Apps Widget
package:com.sec.android.widgetapp.samsungapps
Launcher:null
app:Visual Voicemail
package:com.samsung.vvm
Launcher:null
app:Tags
package:com.android.apps.tag
Launcher:null
app:Smart Switch
package:com.sec.android.easyMover.Agent
Launcher:null
app:AudioConnectionService
package:com.samsung.android.sdk.professionalaudio.app.audioconnectionservice
Launcher:null
app:Photo Screensavers
package:com.android.dreams.phototable
Launcher:null
app:Knox Enrollment Service
package:com.sec.enterprise.knox.cloudmdm.smdms
Launcher:null
app:Galaxy Apps
package:com.sec.android.app.samsungapps
Launcher:null
app:Smart capture
package:com.samsung.android.app.scrollcapture
Launcher:null
app:Samsung Internet
package:com.sec.android.app.sbrowser
Launcher:com.sec.android.app.sbrowser.SBrowserMainActivity
app:Video
package:com.samsung.android.videolist
Launcher:null
app:KLMS Agent
package:com.samsung.klmsagent
Launcher:null
app:Dictionary
package:com.sec.android.app.dictionary
Launcher:null
app:Market Feedback Agent
package:com.google.android.feedback
Launcher:null
app:Fido ASM Data
package:com.sec.android.fido.uaf.asm
Launcher:null
app:Samsung account
package:com.osp.app.signin
Launcher:null
app:Live wallpaper picker
package:com.android.wallpaper.livepicker
Launcher:null
app:Gear VR SetupWizardStub
package:com.samsung.android.app.vrsetupwizardstub
Launcher:null
app:Weather forecast
package:com.samsung.android.weather
Launcher:null
app:YP
package:com.yellowpages.android.ypmobile
Launcher:null
app:ANT Radio Service
package:com.dsi.ant.service.socket
Launcher:null
app:Photos
package:com.google.android.apps.photos
Launcher:com.google.android.apps.photos.home.HomeActivity
app:AT&T Navigator
package:com.telenav.app.android.cingular
Launcher:null
app:Highlight video player
package:com.samsung.app.highlightplayer
Launcher:null
app:EasyOneHand
package:com.sec.android.easyonehand
Launcher:null
app:Basic Daydreams
package:com.android.dreams.basic
Launcher:null
app:Video Editor
package:com.sec.android.app.vepreload
Launcher:null
app:Samsung Pass
package:com.samsung.android.samsungpass
Launcher:null
app:ANT + DUT
package:com.dsi.ant.sample.acquirechannels
Launcher:null
app:com.sec.enterprise.knox.attestation
package:com.sec.enterprise.knox.attestation
Launcher:null
app:Facebook App Installer
package:com.facebook.system
Launcher:null
app:KnoxBBCProvider
package:com.samsung.android.bbc.fileprovider
Launcher:null
app:EasySetup
package:com.samsung.android.easysetup
Launcher:null
app:RoseEUKor
package:com.monotype.android.font.rosemary
Launcher:null
app:Magnify
package:com.samsung.android.app.readingglass
Launcher:null
app:com.sec.app.TransmitPowerService
package:com.sec.app.TransmitPowerService
Launcher:null
app:KnoxShortcuts
package:com.sec.knox.shortcutsms
Launcher:null
app:LogsProvider
package:com.sec.android.provider.logsprovider
Launcher:null
app:SLLibrary
package:com.samsung.android.location
Launcher:null
app:Download manager
package:com.android.providers.downloads
Launcher:null
app:Samsung Gear
package:com.samsung.android.app.watchmanager
Launcher:null
app:Email
package:com.samsung.android.email.provider
Launcher:null
app:Video Player
package:com.samsung.android.video
Launcher:null
app:Amazon Kindle
package:com.amazon.kindle
Launcher:null
app:Google Play Music
package:com.google.android.music
Launcher:null
app:Safety information
package:com.samsung.safetyinformation
Launcher:null
app:Samsung Pay
package:com.samsung.android.spay
Launcher:null
app:Android Pay
package:com.google.android.apps.walletnfcrel
Launcher:null
app:Usage Manager
package:com.sec.att.usagemanager3
Launcher:com.sec.att.usagemanager3.UsageManagerActivity
app:Hancom Office S
package:com.hancom.office.editor
Launcher:null
app:FaceProvider
package:com.sec.face
Launcher:null
app:AT&T Protect Plus
package:com.asurion.android.mobilerecovery.att
Launcher:null
app:Game Tools
package:com.samsung.android.game.gametools
Launcher:null
app:Plenti
package:com.americanexpress.plenti
Launcher:null
app:Write on PDF
package:com.samsung.android.spdfnote
Launcher:null
app:Smart Limits
package:com.locationlabs.cni.att
Launcher:null
app:Caller Name ID
package:com.cequint.ecid
Launcher:null
app:SideSync
package:com.sec.android.sidesync30
Launcher:null
app:Slow and fast-motion video player and editor
package:com.samsung.app.slowmotion
Launcher:null
app:Foundation
package:com.monotype.android.font.foundation
Launcher:null
app:S Voice
package:com.samsung.voiceserviceplatform
Launcher:null
app:Device Help
package:com.sec.android.devicehelp
Launcher:null
app:Virtual shot viewer
package:com.samsung.android.app.interactivepanoramaviewer
Launcher:null
app:Video collage
package:com.sec.android.app.clipvideo
Launcher:null
app:Facebook
package:com.facebook.katana
Launcher:null
app:AT&T Mail
package:com.yahoo.mobile.client.android.mail.att
Launcher:null
app:Uber
package:com.ubercab
Launcher:null
app:AT&T Remote Support
package:net.aetherpal.device
Launcher:null
app:Glance
package:com.samsung.android.service.pentastic
Launcher:null
app:Secure Folder
package:com.samsung.knox.securefolder
Launcher:null
app:Games Assistant
package:com.ampsvc.android
Launcher:null
app:Weather
package:com.sec.android.daemonapp
Launcher:null
app:CoolEUKor
package:com.monotype.android.font.cooljazz
Launcher:null
app:My interests
package:com.samsung.android.keyguardwallpaperupdator
Launcher:null
app:Samsung Push Service
package:com.sec.spp.push
Launcher:null
app:AT&T FamilyMap
package:com.wavemarket.waplauncher
Launcher:null
app:DriveMode
package:com.drivemode
Launcher:null
app:Google Play Movies & TV
package:com.google.android.videos
Launcher:null
app:Amazon Installation Status
package:com.amazon.mShop.android.install
Launcher:null
app:Instagram
package:com.instagram.android
Launcher:null
app:Enterprise VPN Services
package:com.sec.enterprise.mdm.vpn
Launcher:null
app:Magnifier
package:com.sec.android.app.magnifier
Launcher:null
app:AT&T Locker
package:com.att.android.digitallocker
Launcher:null
app:myAT&T
package:com.att.myWireless
Launcher:null
app:Samsung Themes
package:com.samsung.android.themestore
Launcher:null
app:VPN Client
package:com.ipsec.vpnclient
Launcher:null
app:Music
package:com.sec.android.app.music
Launcher:null
app:ANT+ Plugins Service
package:com.dsi.ant.plugins.antplus
Launcher:null
app:Voice Service
package:com.samsung.svoice.sync
Launcher:null
app:Game Optimizing Service
package:com.enhance.gameservice
Launcher:null
app:com.samsung.hs20provider
package:com.samsung.hs20provider
Launcher:null
app:Amazon
package:com.amazon.mShop.android
Launcher:null
app:Lookout
package:com.lookout
Launcher:null
app:Virtual tour
package:com.sec.android.app.tourviewer
Launcher:null
app:Voice Assistant
package:com.samsung.android.app.talkback
Launcher:null
app:ChocoEUKor
package:com.monotype.android.font.chococooky
Launcher:null
app:Quick access
package:com.samsung.knox.knoxtrustagent
Launcher:null
app:Samsung Galaxy
package:com.sec.android.app.sns3
Launcher:null
app:Print Service Recommendation Service
package:com.google.android.printservice.recommendation
Launcher:null
app:Samsung Print Service Plugin
package:com.sec.app.samsungprintservice
Launcher:null
app:Samsung Billing
package:com.sec.android.app.billing
Launcher:null
app:Google Text-to-speech Engine
package:com.google.android.tts
Launcher:null
app:Translate
package:com.samsung.android.service.airviewdictionary
Launcher:null
app:Facebook App Manager
package:com.facebook.appmanager
Launcher:null
app:Clock
package:com.sec.android.app.clockpackage
Launcher:com.sec.android.app.clockpackage.ClockPackage
app:Briefing
package:flipboard.boxer.app
Launcher:null
app:Samsung Health
package:com.sec.android.app.shealth
Launcher:com.samsung.android.app.shealth.home.HomeMainActivity
app:Emergency information
package:com.android.emergency
Launcher:null
app:Spanish Language Pack
package:com.sec.svoice.lang.es_US
Launcher:null
app:Scrapbook
package:com.samsung.android.app.pinboard
Launcher:null
